docs(l2): based docs outdated contract addresses (#3348)
lambdaclass/ethrex: crates/l2/based/README.md

> [!NOTE]
> Save the addresses of the deployed proxy contracts, as you will need them to run the L2 node.

> After deploying the contracts, a env file will be created in `.env` containing the addresses of the new contracts. These have to be loaded with the folowing command:/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deploying the contracts, a `.env` file will be created, containing the addresses of the new contracts. These have to be loaded with the following command:
```

```bash
export $(cat .env | xargs)
```

### 2. Running a node

> [!IMPORTANT]
> You need to have an L1 running with the contracts deployed to run the L2 node. See the previous steps.

> In a console in the sme directory (`crates/l2`), run the following command to start a based L2 node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a console inside the same directory (`crates/l2`), run the following command to start a based L2 node:
```

  --proof-coordinator.addr 127.0.0.1 \
  --proof-coordinator.port 4566 \
  --http.port 1729 \
  --state-updater.sequencer-registry <SEQUENCER_REGISTRY_ADDRESS> \
  --l1.on-chain-proposer-address <ON_CHAIN_PROPOSER_ADDRESS> \

>   --l1.bridge-address <COMMON_BRIDGE_ADDRESS>` \

Reviewer: Do these change very often? If not, I think we want to keep this as an easy-to-copy command.

Author: Done [79e1a22](https://github.com/lambdaclass/ethrex/pull/3348/commits/79e1a22190409340f73567796adfa6b585f76d11)
